ceph: update ceph-csi snapshot from Alpha to Beta (#5686)
rook/rook: Documentation/ceph-csi-drivers.md

* RBD: See the [Block Storage](ceph-block.md) topic
* CephFS: See the [Shared Filesystem](ceph-filesystem.md) topic

## Configure CSI Drivers in non-default namespace

If you've deployed the Rook operator in a namespace other than "rook-ceph",
change the prefix in the provisioner to match the namespace you used. For
example, if the Rook operator is running in the namespace "my-namespace" the

> provisioner value should be "my-namespace.rbd.csi.ceph.com". same provisioner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
provisioner value should be "my-namespace.rbd.csi.ceph.com". The same provisioner
```

> value need to be updated in storageclass ans snapshotclass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name needs to be set in both the storageclass and snapshotclass.
```

## RBD Snapshots

### Prerequisites

1. Requires kubernetes v1.17+ which supports snapshot beta.

> 2. Its kubernetes distributor responsibility to install new snapshot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Install the new snapshot
```

> controller and snapshot beta CRD. more info can be found

Reviewer: ```suggestion
controller and snapshot beta CRD. More info can be found
```

## RBD Snapshots

Requires kubernetes v1.17+ which supports snapshot beta.

> **Note**: Its kubernetes distributor responsibility to install new snapshot

Reviewer: Instead of a "note", how about adding a subheading for prerequisites? They would include 1) k8s 1.17+ and 2) the snapshot controller to be installed.

maintain a config map whose contents will match this key. By default this is
"rook-ceph".

> If you've deployed the Rook operator in a namespace other than "rook-ceph",

Reviewer: This is true for any usage of the csi driver. How about adding a new heading previous to the snapshot section for configuration of the csi driver when in a non-default namespace?

```console
$ kubectl get volumesnapshotclass
NAME                      DRIVER             DELETIONPOLICY   AGE
csi-rbdplugin-snapclass   rbd.csi.ceph.com   Delete           3h55m

$ kubectl get volumesnapshot
NAME               READYTOUSE   SOURCEPVC   SOURCESNAPSHOTCONTENT   RESTORESIZE   SNAPSHOTCLASS             SNAPSHOTCONTENT                                    CREATIONTIME   AGE
rbd-pvc-snapshot   true         rbd-pvc                             1Gi           csi-rbdplugin-snapclass   snapcontent-79090db0-7c66-4b18-bf4a-634772c7cac7   3h50m          3h51m
```

The snapshot will be ready to promote to a new PVC when `READYTOUSE` field of the
volumesnapshot is set to true

> ### Promote the snapshot to a new PVC

Reviewer: Does CSI use the term "promote" instead of "restore"? I would have thought "restore" is more common.
